State , hooks, Statemangemnt with hooks ..

In the Previous sessions we got to know that React won't keep track of the local variables .

*Q.So how we have to make the React to recognose those kind of variables. 

    **We can turn this into a "Super Powered" Vabiale called "STATE", so that React will acknowlege this and renders acc to this. 


        Q. what is State actually?

           state is just the "current situation or condition" of something that can change over time. 
           
           Examples:
                    Traffic Lights: The "state" of a traffic light can be Red, Yellow, or Green. When the state changes, the light changes.
                    
                    Bank Account Balance: The "state" of your bank account is the current balance. Any deposit or withdrawal updates the state.
                    
                    Room Temperature: The current temperature is the state. A thermostat adjusts it when the temperature changes.

            

        Q.what is State  whne it comes to Functional Componet?

            "State is a variable that Manages and Moniters the Data Changes in component and reports that changes to react" 

            It represents the current condition of your application.

            Example Use Cases in Web Apps:

                Counter Application: Tracking the number of clicks.

                Form Inputs: Keeping track of what the user types in a text box.

                To-Do List: Keeping track of the items in your list.

                Shopping Cart: Storing the list of items you’ve added to the cart.

                Authentication: Knowing whether the user is logged in or out.



        **Best Analogy for State:

                Imagine you're running a fast-food restaurant:

                        You have a menu (static data, doesn’t change).

                        You have orders (dynamic data, changes based on customers).

                        The "state" is the current list of orders:

                                When a customer places an order, the order list (state) updates.

                                You (React) immediately update the kitchen (UI) with the new list.




            
